In this lesson, we'll learn about logging.
Logs can be an extremely important aspect to your web environment.
They provide you with additional information that can be
used for debugging as well as information on purposes.
Let's look at this enterprise application diagram.
The enterprise application has
a diagnostic element which can be used for deriving some meaningful information.
What I mean by this is,
let's say that we have an e-commerce application,
and we want to find out how many users hit
your application or how many user requests hit a particular API that you have created,
and want to find out the transactions or the number of requests that were hit per second.
That is a piece of information that you can obtain using logs.
This element that you see over here is nothing but
a logging service which writes the logs
into file system or other systems that can then be
used for deriving meaningful information about your application.